[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
now i know in my last video i said every
week there seems to be more information
released that is building the road to
restoring the snyder verse
but i did not expect to have more good
news in the same week as the warner
media president calling the snyder cut a
global phenomenon but there is so let's
get straight into the good news the hbo
max international accounts on twitter
and instagram posted a video promoting
their dc films and shows with the title
we are dc i'll play the video here for
you now
[Music]
shall we
he said the age of heroes would never
come
it has to
do the answer symbol
you're the answer to are we alone in the
universe
can i just keep pretending i'm your son
you are my son
and i have to believe that you were
sitting here for a reason
meow
20 years in gotham
how many good guys are left
what are you
i'm batman all right
[Music]
can i be like you someday
you can be anything you want to be
[Music]
so
hey
[Music]
i don't care how many demons he's fought
and how many hells
he's never fought us without us united
[Music]
so not only is that an epic and
beautiful trailer for the dc universe
but it is also a very interesting one i
say that because there was not a single
frame of joss whedon's re-shot justice
league scenes in there not only that but
there were a lot of zack snyder's
justice league shots with a lot of
dialogue from zack snyder's dc trilogy
it's not like they don't have access to
justice league 2017 because they have it
on their streaming service so it looks
like they are just completely ignoring
that film
so for me that confirms that the snyder
cut is canon and they have thrown
justice league out the window now i
don't have hbo max over here in the uk
so i can't check if justice league 2017
is on hbo max but i have some very
helpful people on my discord server who
have informed me that justice league is
still available on hbo max
so that means that they do have access
to it they are just not promoting it now
this could be a marketing tactic as
zach's knives justice league got them a
lot of attention and so they want to
increase that in their new markets
if that is the case then they know how
profitable the snydercut is which
further emphasizes the point that the
film was extremely successful for the
streaming service but i also think they
are doing it because the people of hbo
max warner media and now warner max know
that zack snyder's justice league is so
much better than whedon's version and so
they want people to think of the snyder
cut as the main movie the one they class
as canon if you watch the ending of that
dc trailer again they used the snyder
cuts cliffhanger with batman speech
which feels like they are getting us
hyped up for the future of dc
you think about all the other dc films
they own and all the amazing endings
they have but they use one of the only
endings that ends in a cliffhanger
the words they use throughout the video
too are fascinating
we are family we are friends
we are enemies we are the first we are
the fans we are dc doesn't that just
scream to you that they are giving the
message that everyone no matter what dc
films you like you are a dc fan it's
like they are saying you can like all
different dc films and we're going to
show you a vast variety of dc films i
don't think that is just a coincidence i
think they've done that on purpose
now i don't want to get your hopes up
for something that may not happen but i
would keep a close eye at dc fandom and
the new dc films especially the flash
and black adam those two films have been
rumored to be connected to the snyder
verse with the flash director andy
maschetti liking the snyder cuts and
rumored to be using that film as canon
to his film and the rumor that henry
cavill superman will return in black
adam with the black suit so if we see
those things happen next year then we
know for a fact the snyder cut is canon
what does that mean well it means that
the dc universe could be setting up a
justice league 2 directed by zack snyder
in cinemas
not on a streaming service now that is a
lot of ifs and maybes but it seems like
a lot of things are just slotting into
place at a really interesting time think
about it the warner brothers discovery
merger is happening
mid-2022
the ceo of warner brothers discovery
states about how the company will be
listening to what consumers want
snyder says that if warner brothers
discovery offered him to return to
complete his dc vision he would do it in
a heartbeat the flash and aquaman films
are both taking inspiration from
snyder's justice league 2 storyboards
warner max who are the ones who green
lit the snyder cut have been reactivated
then the warner media president calls
the snyder cuts a global phenomenon now
this dc trailer that heavily displays
the snyder cut and those previous three
events i just said have all happened
very closely to dc fandom the place
where they announced exciting new dc
films tv shows and games
not only that but it was rumored that
the aircut was going to be announced at
dc fandom now i don't want to sound like
i'm going over the top or overthinking
this but i can't be the only one who can
see these things slotting so perfectly
into place please let me know if i'm the
only one who actually thinks this means
something to us or if i'm just finding
coincidences because to me this feels
like how we felt when the snyder cut
announcement was just around the corner
with dc fandom coming up soon we need to
be loud and positive to show our
appreciation for hbo max for warner
media and to show discovery the demand
for the snyder verse they will be
watching they will be taking down notes
on what is popular and what is not and
like i have said many times it's not
about destroying the current dc films
late it's about adding to it not only
that but hbo go posted an image
celebrating all the batman films you can
watch and on there was batman v superman
ultimate edition and zack snyder's
justice league but not
whedon's justice league which further
emphasizes the fact that the snyder cut
is canon it is also really nice to see
them promoting the ultimate edition of
batman vs superman instead of the normal
version as the ultimate edition is the
true version of that film but that is
all for today's video thank you so much
for watching please make sure to like
and subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you never miss a video
i hope to see you here again soon so
until then have a great day bye
[Music]
you